Changelog + Docs: Feature/trace metrics (OCS #3241) (#359)
dimagi/open-chat-studio-docs: docs/concepts/tracing.md

If no participant data changed during the turn, this section is not shown.

### Performance Metrics

The trace detail page includes a **Performance Metrics** section that shows resource usage for each pipeline execution:

| Metric | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| **LLM Turns** | Number of LLM calls made during the turn |
| **Tool Calls** | Number of individual tool invocations (each call counted separately) |
| **Total Tokens** | Combined token consumption (input + output) |
| **Input Tokens** | Prompt tokens sent to the LLM |
| **Output Tokens** | Completion tokens generated by the LLM |

> Metrics are collected across all LLM nodes in the pipeline (RouterNode and LLMResponseWithPrompt). Pipelines that have no LLM nodes display "—" for all metrics. Token counts are provider-reported values; pipelines that fail before LLM calls are completed may show partial or null values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are collected across all LLM nodes in the pipeline (Router and LLM nodes). Pipelines that have no LLM nodes display "—" for all metrics. Token counts are provider-reported values; pipelines that fail before LLM calls are completed may show partial or null values.
```
